# CS340_Final

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I think a big part of writing programs that are maintainable readable and adaptable is modularity. By creating our CRUD methodology for our database we can change any parts and pieces to the front end that we want and our Create, read, update, delete methods remain unchanged and untouched. This helps long term with readability as instead of reading our mongo queries someone editing our code will simply read .read(). It also helps as changes in the main file won't hurt or otherwise disrupt the outcome of our CRUD functionality.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist we are constantly striving to create optimal solutions that allow companies to do their jobs faster and with as little overhead as possible. In the 80s this would have been many people fact checking paper documents, but as solutions evolve we can write software to automate these lookup queries in databases. This reduces the need for us to organize as efficiently as possible. Since with software we can sort on any one of our data parameters and the queries can get as specific as possible while the computer can handle hundreds of thousands of queries. In the future I will absolutely use MongoDB to handle databases. Most places allow exportable .csv files at this point we can just stand up a database to show and graph any combination of data.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer Scientists automate daily tasks in the most efficient way possible. As discussed in my previous answer this will allow Grazioso Salvare to quickly search thousands of records and allow the continuing improvement of their processes.
